feat: modify aave token lt & ltv (#622)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20250218_Multi_UpdateAAVETokenLTVLiquidationPercentages/UpdateAAVETokenLTVLiquidationPercentages.md

---
title: "Update AAVE Token LTV/Liquidation Percentages"
author: "Aave-Chan Initiative"
discussions: "https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-update-aave-token-ltv-liquidation-percentages/20973"
snapshot: "https://snapshot.box/#/s:aave.eth/proposal/0x50d01665cddf8ea977051cf6de8534cd37b107be52e863e168a8ece2ea4b544f"
---

## Simple Summary

> This ARFC seeks the community’s input on adjusting AAVE’s LTV percentage from [66% to 71% and the liquidation ratio from 73% to 78%](https://app.aave.com/reserve-overview/?underlyingAsset=0x7fc66500c84a76ad7e9c93437bfc5ac33e2ddae9&marketName=proto_mainnet_v3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal increases the AAVE's LTV and liquidation threshold values on ethereum core and arbitrum instances.
AAVE's LTV is increased from 66% to 69% on core instance and 63% to 66% on arbitrum instance while the liquidation threshold is increased from 73% to 76% on core instance and 70% to 73% on arbitrum instance.
```
